https://codepen.io/Zyfer/pen/eYzrNvQ?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the
  browser and the developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? The Basics of Hypertext Markup Language Explained. HTML stands for Hypertext Markup Language
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes are always specified in the start tag (or opening tag) and usually consists of name/value pairs like name="value" 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? The most important title on your page.
 How many times should I use it on a page? 1 time
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. img and src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? header
    7. What is an id? a tag or a refrerence
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? a class is a name is which you give to a html element in order to style the html element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any html elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? infinite
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? in case the img doesn't load the text will be shown to the user
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div a section is more specific and div is more generic 
    17. What is CSS used for? it's used to style html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.you would use class for paragraphs and for id for footer
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector?A parent child selector is used to select every direcct child of the specified parent. When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? to define the specific state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? text-transform: lowercase; Capitalize?text-transform: uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line?rm Why do I have to be careful with this? bc it's very hard to get back what you deleted
    34. Why should I use version control? to keep track of changes and fall back to early version of the project
    35. How often should I commit to github? after any significance change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin firstname-lastname 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Step 1. Fork project
Step 2. Add collab
 Step 3. Clone repo
Step 4. git checkout -b firstname-lastname
Step 5. make a change in your project
Step 6. git add .
Step 7. git commit -m "commit msg"
Step 8. git push -u origin firstname-lastname
Step 9. create a pull request on your repo